Fix: use separate phases in buildPackageLock (#2)
thomashoneyman/slimlock: README.md

## Usage

> Make sure all external `"packages"` in `package-lock.json` have `"integrity": "sha512-..."`.
> If some of them don't (e.g., have `"sha1-..."` instead), recreate `package-lock.json`.
> 
> ```console
> cd nodejs-project-directory
> rm package-lock.json
> rm -rf node_modules
> npm cache clear --force
> npm i
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All packages in the `package-lock.json` file must have integrity fields of the form `"integrity": "sha512-..."` . NPM is not strict about this, so packages can sometimes be missing hashes. In this case, recreate the `package-lock.json` file:

```console
rm package-lock.json
rm -rf node_modules
npm cache clear --force
npm install
```
